Add `testOnly` to filter running test suites (#1604)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/commands/test.md

foo
-->

> ## Filter test to run 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Filter tests
```

> Passing `--test-only` to the `test` sub-command filter the tests to run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Passing the `--test-only` option to the `test` sub-command filters the tests to be run:
```
